hey I'm man i'm here at Camp destiny in
that Vermont and I really got to show
you something fantastic this is a stream
of course but up above we've been
building us a kitchen
I make the planets to fly what do you do
I'm in a blue for the sky how about you
and you make life from the door tell me
what would you use for spa I can make
life so I do how about you
swing that out back that way go that's
the other way to do it is just swing it
out
how are the pigs great watch yourself
during the way excellent Oh what do you
do I'm in a blue for the sky
can you make life from the dark tell me
what would you use for spa I can make
life so I do I'll buy you
what do you do
you